STEPHEN MANGAN: Welcome back
to The Fortune Hotel.
Seven pairs remain...
..all hoping to find the cash case
to win a life-changing amount
of money
and avoid an early checkout.
Last time...
Dan and Claire became a target.
We're watching you.
Michael and Adam found themselves
£10,000 richer.
This card, we need to give it
to the weakest pairings.
Wow. Going clear. OK.
Let the games begin.
And Will and Jo-Anne got their hands
back on the fortune.
WHISPERS: Go team.
But after a surprise late swap
at the Nightcap...
What's going on right now?
If you have the money,
why are you swapping?
..Cherish and Jae
made a huge decision.
The couple that we have decided
to swap with tonight
is Dan and Claire.
Our vendetta is stronger
than getting the money.
It was
Mission: Get Dan And Claire Out.
Hopefully, another day,
we become the Fortune Holders.
Dan and Claire,
anything you'd like to say?
We thought that was going to happen.
It's a tricky old game.
Please swap.
MUSIC: 'Requiem in D minor, K 626'
by Mozart
Obviously, the swap
of our cases with Adam and Michael
was done in secret.
'So, now Cherish
and Jae have got the cash,
'they're gonna think
we've given them the card.'
So, yeah, we look like
the bad guys here,
when, in reality, we're not.
What I'd like you to do now,
for those of you with new cases,
is ask you each to come up,
one by one, and open your case
so we can all take a look
at your reaction.
We had no idea
that Will and Jo had the money.
It's time to find out
who the pair
that are leaving this evening are.
Would they please
make themselves known?
Dan and Claire. Is there anything
you'd like to say at this point?
We've had a really good time,
and we wish everyone all the best.
Well, you're about to swap
a luxury spa for the airport bar.
Could I ask Daniel and Claire
to please leave their case behind
and check out of The Fortune Hotel?
We had a target on our backs
right from the outset.
Plainly, Cherish and Jae, no matter
what our case was going to be,
they were not looking
for the fortune tonight.
They were looking to get rid of us.
And so, what we thought
would happen has happened.
It's just the way it goes.
APPLAUSE
# There's no going back
# Back... #
So, this gets distributed tonight
to another pair
by the Fortune Holders,
who have, themselves,
just bagged £10,000.
Good luck. Good night. Thank you.
# The night is cold
# The hole's been dug... #
I wonder whether Cherish and Jae can
feel totally comfortable... Yeah.
..with the rationale
behind the decision.
I do wonder why
they got it in for us.
Cherish, what the...?
Let's go.
Let's get home.
Cherish, I don't know what to...
I don't know what to do.
Cherish, I don't know what to do.
JAE GIGGLES
Cherish, I don't know what to do!
'We played our game
with a straight bat.'
We wouldn't have done it
any other way,
and I'm really pleased that we can
walk away with our heads held high.
CHERISH LAUGHS
Wow.
Us being wrong
that it was Dan and Claire
that gave us the Early Checkout Card
is, like, admittedly
not a good thing.
'But they were everyone's
strongest competitors.'
Will and Jo.
They're getting
that Early Checkout Card. Fake!
They are getting
that Early Checkout Card. So fake!
That was absolutely... horrendous.
Cherish looked absolutely...
furious.
You know, like, if that were me now,
the trust has gone.
Mm, yeah.
That's it.
We've done it now.
So, that's an enemy
that we've created.
Wow, Will and Jo,
if it really was you, wow.
It was them, Cherish.
In this game,
the way you've played it -
I'm sorry, you're now my enemy.
If it gets out from Jae and Cherish
that we gave them
the Early Checkout Card,
we're gonna look like
a pair of evil baddies.
KNOCKING
We need to let them know, Will.
We take the money home by staying
in the competition longer.
We can stay
in the competition longer
by not telling Jae and Cherish
about Michael and Adam.
You are stronger
in this competition together.
'If we break that alliance
with them, throw them under the bus,
'they wouldn't look after us
any more.'
If we go home, we go home,
but that, at the minute,
that's sending us home anyway. Will.
# Let me tell you
# Girl, you my lil boo thang
# So I don't give a hoot
What your dude say
# Girl, I know
You a lil too tame... #
Good morning, best friend.
Ooh, to you, too.
I'm loving the hair.
Morning, morning.
How you feeling?
In terms of where's the money
and where's the Early Checkout Card,
do we want to start taking
a wee bit more of a risk?
We've been Fortune Hunters
since day one,
so we're just still out to...
to catch it.
But, you know, we're bound to
get lucky at some point, Susan.
That was a true blessing.
It was just like it just... Bong!
Oop, here you go.
I actually slept better than
I thought I would, but...
Did you? I didn't.
Did you not sleep at all?
No.
I want to tell Jae and Cherish
it wasn't us
that gave them the card.
'We've woken up a bit worried
about what happened last night.
'How it sort of unfolded,
especially with Will and Jo-Anne.'
We just don't know what's happened.
Have they been given
the Early Checkout Card?
I suppose we're gonna find out.
Yeah.
If they are honest with them,
that is breaking an alliance
with us. Yeah.
And we wouldn't do that.
Nah.
You know, once that trust is broken
with us, it is done, innit? Yeah.
Knowing that, OK...
You tried to get rid of us.
..you tried to get rid of us. Ha.
Mm.
And for what reason?
What was the reason?
WHISPERS: What was the reason?
My gut instincts have been right
every time when I've done something.
But, Mum, I've made
most of the choices
while we've been here,
and I'm... and we're still here.
We're just gonna go round
in circles,
so let's go down to breakfast,
see if we can chat
to Michael and Adam,
and then see
what they've got to say.
Morning.
Good morning. How we doing?
Oh, that's nice,
I'm sat right in a breeze.
You all right?
You're not pissed off with us,
are you?
Nothing to do with you, was it?
No, I know, but I'm just saying.
It's just worked out that way.
I just don't know what to do now.
They think we gave it 'em.
They're devastated.
Everyone here has
their poker face on.
I can't read anything.
That's the problem.
See, this is where I think
you're going to excel
with your hearing impairment.
You can read lips.
Kind of hard,
I can't read across that far.
They're talking to Aysha,
it's kind of like...
JEN MUMBLES
Yeah.
I lost my hearing
when I was 13 years old. One-three.
It just happened all of a sudden.
I woke up the next day,
and I couldn't hear.
It's made me the person that I am.
Yeah.
So, staying positive,
it would really help.
I mean, positive mind always wins.
Yeah.
I believe that. 100%
As a quadruple...
CHERISH CHUCKLES
..now, we need to create
an alliance.
Like, me and Tommy both agree,
like, we're closest with you guys.
Curious, like, where you think
the money might be.
What will you do
if Jae and Cherish ask you...
..why you gave them
the Early Checkout Card?
I don't know.
Say you pulled it out of a hat.
Say I pulled it out of a hat?
Yeah.
SILLY ACCENT: Stick to the plan.
Hi, guys.
Sorry to interrupt
your conversation.
Can we go for a chat?
WILL: We can.
Yeah.
'I know I'm gonna have to
lie to them.'
We need to do it
to be able to move forward.
And there's absolutely no malice
or intent in it, is there? No.
How are you guys doing today?
Shit.
It's shocking, really.
Yeah.
It's been a bit
of an elephant in the room.
We had the Early Checkout Card
to give out.
We couldn't think
of a fair way to do it at all.
We literally just put names
in a hat.
OK.
And... And it was you two.
'I know it was a lie,
and I'm sorry.'
It is really, really difficult.
'But we're saving us skin,
I suppose, aren't we?'
And then like I came down
for breakfast this morning.
You couldn't even talk to me,
and I just thought, "Oh, my God."
Really wanted to understand why.
We were asking ourselves, "Why?"
We actually respect your decision
because, if we were put
in that position,
we probably would have had to
resort to doing the same thing
because we completely understand
that it's, like, hard
to choose someone at this stage.
At least
you're five grand each richer.
You guys.
You, too.
BOTH: No, we're not.
Why?
We didn't keep it.
Shit.
Shit, we should have had it.
We're in a shit position.
Just got to get ourselves out of it,
that's it.
But we've got to do it tactically.
At least
you're five grand each richer.
You, too.
You guys.
No, we're not.
No.
Why?
Shit. Shit, we should have had it
because...
Shit.
Then it just all went silent.
It went silent.
It felt like
that probably took three seconds,
but it felt like a minute.
Yeah.
Yeah, but you guys had it
last night, no?
Listen to what I'm saying.
We're gonna play dumb.
So who had it?
It totally baffles me.
This is where I get stuck.
I'm totally baffled.
Right.
We had it in our possession
when the ten-grand rule
wasn't a thing.
Unless my calculations are wrong.
No, it's not, it's not.
It doesn't make sense, like...
It's not.
And don't get me wrong,
I still respect that lie. Yeah.
Because we are still playing a game.
Yeah.
Well, either way...
I feel like, erm,
now we have closure.
I'm sorry we gave you
the Early Checkout Card.
Obviously, you understand why.
Yeah.
'100% don't trust Will and Jo.
'I think that Michael and Adam
are another fake couple.'
We don't know who to trust here.
Can we hug it out?
Yeah. We can hug it out.
Course we can, man.
My God, yeah.
Morning.
How you all doing?
Sleeping well?
Are you tossing and turning?
No, I had a dream that a briefcase
was chasing me with teeth.
No! I don't know if we...
how we can analyse that.
I don't know what that means.
She had too much cheese last thing.
Right, well, it's almost time
for today's Room Service Challenge.
I do hope you've all remembered
to bring your easels.
I'm shit at art.
STEPHEN LAUGHS
We're halfway through this holiday,
and, you know, at The Fortune Hotel,
we like to mix things up.
So, the winners
of today's Room Service Challenge
will get to make a secret swap
or take a secret peek
at another pair's case
and remain anonymous.
This could put the winners
in quite a powerful position.
I wish you all good luck.
Off you go.
MUSIC: 'Vogue'
by Madonna
If we don't do well,
we've got to hope
that Adam and Michael do well.
Yeah, hopefully, we do win
this Room Service Challenge
because it'll be
the best way to swap cases back.
No-one will have a clue.
There's a lot more pressure
right now.
The ideal situation would be
for us to win this challenge
so we can keep the fortune.
"Jack, I want you to paint me
like one of your French girls."
MIKE LAUGHS
# Strike a pose... #
The Fortune Hotel
has a whole range
of complementary stationery
available in every room,
which is perfect
if you wanna plan the day, or...
or even maybe do a little doodle.
I mean, it's not finished,
but, you know, you get the idea.
JAE LAUGHS
That's good. How's he done that?
Ha, Stephen, you didn't do that.
LAUGHS
Today, you'll be drawing a pair
of your fellow guests.
"You have ten minutes to create
your best work of art."
"You will be drawing..."
"Tommy and Scott."
That's a good one.
"Aysha and Samm." Oh!
"Michael and Adam."
Wow.
"Jen and Susan."
"Jo-Anne and Will."
LAUGHS
"Cherish and Jae."
I had them in my head.
Time starts now.
Go on, then.
So I'll do Scott.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The smile needs to be big enough.
Cherish's head.
Are you serious?
I'm drawing Jen.
Yeah, that's all right, you know.
# Tick, tick, boom... #
What is that?!
That's his nose.
Is that his hands?
I tried to draw the teeth.
She looked like
she'd had half of them knocked out.
SHE LAUGHS
Oh, my God, she's gonna be fuming.
THEY LAUGH
That could be anybody!
Come on!
Sorry.
It's time.
I know.
I think that looks like Samm.
Really?
You're doing Susan.
That looks more like Michael.
LAUGHTER.
What is that?
That's the plant pot he did a poo...
LAUGHTER
Don't draw a poo.
You're drawing a poo.
I'm drawing a wee poo.
Guys, I hope you appreciate
the effort.
I'm sitting here,
trying to polish a turd right now.
DING
Five minutes left. OK.
Just finish his hands off.
What's wrong with his hands?
Well, he hasn't got any
at the moment.
LAUGHTER
Make the ears bigger?
That's a caricature.
Bigger features.
Bigger features?
He's got a bigger chin
than Jimmy Hill. Mike! Mike!
DING
You've got one minute.
Susan told us that
her best feature is her bum,
so Tommy drew a massive derriere.
Clearly retained nothing
from art lessons.
DING
Ten seconds. That's ten seconds.
LAUGHTER
Good, mate. I like it.
Not bad, isn't it?
I feel bad, because they were
supposed to look really nice.
Handsome pair of buggers,
aren't they?
GONG CRASH
LAUGHTER
Cherish, I want to see how
they're gonna draw us. I know!
"The pair that get the most votes
will win this challenge."
"Enjoy the Fortune Hotel
art gallery."
I'm gassed for this, are you?
That's me and you.
LAUGHTER
Look at your leg.
Looks like a pirate.
It does, doesn't it?
What's on your feet?
Oh, there's the plant pot,
look, with shit.
THEY LAUGH
I think we may have to
absolutely bluff that
and pass that off as,
"Who drew Mike and Adam?"
THEY LAUGH
Aysha and Samm. Oh, my God.
HE LAUGHS
They drew me in a granny skirt.
That's pretty decent.
That's really good.
Oh, I love that.
LAUGHTER
You people are wicked!
You people are wicked.
That's so good, you know.
Susan!
That's my bum at the back!
Oh, my God, this is the worst.
Yeah. We can never tell them
that we drew that.
The pair of them
are gonna want to eat us alive.
I look like Lee Evans.
Whoever has drawn Susan and Jen,
they're gonna have to get
an armed bodyguard
when they find out who it is.
"Vote for your favourite now."
It's between Tommy and Scott's
and Jo-Anne and Will's for me.
So, our tactic in this is we don't
want to pick the obvious ones
because we wanna win and
we think our drawing's up there.
Yeah. So we're gonna go with
one of the worst.
PHONE RINGS
Hi. Is that Adam?
'It's Stephen.'
Hi, Stephen. How are you?
I'm good. You won the Challenge.
Oh, lovely.
'You get to secretly swap a case
with another pair, or have a peek.'
Have a chat with
your fellow Leonardo da Vinci.
CHUCKLES
And I wish you very good luck.
Thank you very much, Stephen.
Well done.
'Cheers. Thank you. Bye.'
Bye.
"Please place your case
outside your door now."
We'll take the money.
Swap with Cherish and Jae, yeah?
Lock that in.
Lock it in mate, well done, mate.
Well done.
Why are you so upset?
Cherish, I'm upset
because we had the money
and we have probably lost it.
OK, and we always knew that
that wasn't in our control.
Let's not do that. Don't do that.
Don't ask me why I'm so upset.
That's not fair.
Jae, this is what I can't take,
though.
Told you already,
we don't know how today's gonna go.
You can't let these things
get to you like this.
"Please collect your cases."
Fuckin' hell.
Michael and Adam
could have potentially
taken the fortune from us.
We were directly targeted,
and I feel like you wouldn't be
so confident to swap
unless you really, really knew.
MICHAEL: Got the money bag, baby!
Phew!
Get in there!
That doesn't mean anything, though.
It's still Lady Luck
that's the decider.
How was the Room Service Challenge?
Yeah, it was all right, weren't it?
Funny.
Did you win?
We sealed the deal, yeah.
What did you do?
What do you think we done?
Took the money?
Yeah.
They're there.
Oh, are they?
Yeah.
Do you think anyone has built
an alliance? Have you seen any?
Will and Jo-Anne and
Adam and Michael are very tight.
I'm sure most of you guys
have seen that as well.
They always have each other's backs.
Do you reckon anyone else in here is
sharing the information like we do?
Tommy and Scott.
And Jae and Cherish.
If we could possibly
take out a pair,
it would be either Jae and Cherish
or Tommy and Scott.
If we take one of them out
later on...
Their alliance is gone then,
isn't it?
Their alliance has gone,
and we're only going stronger.
At the moment, Cherish and Jae
have just got eyes on us
and it's not good, is it?
Not good at all.
Would you be prepared to dink...
to get rid of Jae and Cherish?
Yes.
Ugh, give you shivers, saying that.
If we have an opportunity
to give you the money back,
we will, won't we?
Yeah.
To reciprocate
what you've done to us.
Yeah.
I think that's the plan.
STEPHEN: Ah, hello.
Guests of The Fortune Hotel,
it's almost time
for your Day Trip Challenge.
To win this challenge, you're gonna
need to cut through the static
and communicate.
See you there. Over and out.
Over and out gives me...
Radios. ..radios,
walkie-talkies, communications.
It might be a team thing.
Yeah, could be.
# There's blood on the ground... #
Whoever's won
the Room Service Challenge,
they're probably gonna swap,
because we said if we'd done that,
we'd just go for it,
cos we've got nothing in ours,
know what I mean?
I feel like we've got
a mutual understanding. We do.
But there's always that
little element of doubt
that I'm sure that you both feel.
Yeah.
We ain't got a clue
where anything is.
We need to put ourselves
in a position
where we can't be got at,
really, don't we?
Michael and Adam,
what they've just told us,
I'm starting to consider that
they are the Fortune Holders. Yeah.
We've got the dreaded
Early Checkout Card,
so there's a lot of pressure on us.
If we come last...
Big problem.
# There's blood on the throne. #
# Take on me... #
CHERISH: We are at risk of receiving
the Early Checkout Card
from Will and Jo tonight.
We're gonna win. We have to win.
WILL: We've said it
since we got given the card.
Tensions are high.
We know we've got to do well.
Doing well in the challenge
is all that matters.
Hello, and welcome
to the Tower Estate.
Today is all about cooperation.
Play well today,
and you will be one step closer
to walking away with the fortune.
You are going to be split
into three teams.
Jo-Anne and Will,
you'll be playing
with Tommy and Scott. Solid.
Susan and Jen, you are playing
with Aysha and Samm.
Michael and Adam
with Cherish and Jae.
Here's how today's challenge
is gonna work.
It's going to be
a good old-fashioned hunt.
One pair is going to be
inside the house with the map.
These are the Guiders.
The remaining team
are going to be in the grounds.
They are the Seekers.
The Guiders have to use
their walkie-talkies...
'Over and out.'
..to guide the Seekers
to three locations on the map.
They are looking for a picture tile
like this.
The first team
to find their three unique tiles
and then meet back at the house
will be the winning team.
I wish you all good fortune.
Your challenge starts now.
ALL SHOUT
Got the... Got the radio. Over.
OK, we're just looking
for where we are.
It's not just communications
between the pairs here
and out there.
Walk back down to the tower
and past the little house.
Find a cobbled stone path
in front of some bamboo beds, OK?
Bamboo beds. Bamboo bed.
Yeah.
Got to communicate out there, too,
because only one of the team...
Can you see rabbits and goats?
Over.
..has the sound in their ear.
Pinky, I need more info
cos I'm just blinded.
We can see rabbits and goats. Over.
'There's one there.'
Around where the goats are,
they said, it should be this side.
Urgh!
Fucking hell.
I hope the one thing they don't find
is the 800lb silverback
that lives in these grounds,
called Tito
cos he's been known...
to eat people's faces off.
'We're at Mysterious Mangrove.
Can you see that on the map?'
Towards the creaking bamboo,
there should be one
on your right-hand side.
It's in here, Mum. It's in here.
Right, OK.
I found it, I found it, got it.
It's a pink flamingo. Over.
Yeah, we've got it, boys. Over.
We've got the first one,
we're thinking, "Right..."
Where's the next?
Let's go find it.
Is it on the right-hand side
or the left-hand side?
You should be going past
a little red hut.
There's no red hut.
'It was getting
a little bit frustrating.'
We don't know where they are,
we can't tell them where to go.
Communication is key
in this challenge. 100%.
There's a tile on the lover's bench.
Oh, seen the tile. It's a monkey.
It's a brown monkey.
Excellent.
Monkey.
Very nice. Well done.
Two found.
One team is yet to find a tile.
Still stuck on this first one, man.
Mate, this is shocking.
Maybe go a bit deeper into the green
on your right-hand side.
CHERISH:
Gonna go to the Secret Garden.
Yeah. Secret Garden.
We're here, we're here.
Cherish, she's good.
It's like an air traffic controller,
if the planes were
slightly sunburnt contestants.
'The cross is at the second tree.'
Yeah. Got it, got it. OK.
What is it?
It's a crab.
Right, girls, we have found
the second tile, it is a crab.
Mate, we are flying.
We are absolutely flying, mate.
Good work, guys. Good work.
They're too busy to talk to me.
That's OK.
HE SIGHS
'It's a bamboo path.'
Cherish and Jae's team
have found two.
Susan and Jen's team have found one.
Tommy and Scott, nothing.
It's not looking great.
It's not looking good.
We have to get a tile.
Losing is the worst-case scenario.
As simple as that.
Come on, man, I don't know.
This isn't looking good.
JO: High. Look high, Will.
I'll look low, you look high,
and then we'll swap.
They're obviously gonna
get stressed out, out there,
and we're getting stressed in here.
Cherish and Jae's team
have found two,
Susan and Jen's team found one.
Jo-Anne and Will
yet to find a tile.
Tommy and Scott
will need to pull their finger out.
I've got it!
Beautiful. What's it look like?
It's a watermelon.
Right, we're coming back through
and we're gonna end up
in the middle.
So, directions from the middle.
You're gonna go up those stairs,
and the second cross is there,
it's a bamboo path.
Girls, is it in the flower beds
of the bam... bamboo?
'It's in the bushes.'
I found it,
I found it, it's like a coconut.
Excellent,
you guys are doing amazing.
Really well done. I want you to go
to the Secret Garden.
Are we in the...
Is this the Grill here?
There should be a little green
on your right-hand side,
opposite the Garden Grill.
Will!
You got one?
Will! I've got it, it's a ram.
It's a ram.
Lovely stuff, mate. Lovely stuff.
It is there.
Right, well,
they're saying it's here.
STEPHEN: Will and Jo
and Scott and Tommy have caught up.
It's neck and neck.
This is getting very tense.
This is very frustrating
because we were so quick
getting the first two.
We want to put ourselves
in a good position
going into that Lady Luck Bar
tonight. Time is ticking,
and we are not getting anywhere.
What we saying? I'm listening,
I'm can't talk and listen!
'You're not telling me anything.'
Can you see the stairs again?
Don't fucking talk to me
when they're talking to me!
You need to tell me stuff.
You're snapping away like a little
Jack Russell and I can't hear.
You have to tell me something,
instead of just going, "Yep,"
and then walk off.
Yeah, I've seen the Secret Garden.
I'm here.
When they're telling me,
you're fucking speaking.
You're telling me fuck all.
I can't see us finding it.
And I'm starting to panic, mate.
I am starting to panic.
On the top right corner,
there should be a tile.
I've got it, Will, I've got it.
We've got it.
Lovely stuff. What is it?
And then make your way back.
It's an iguana.
We're on our way back now.
'Mum, come on, we need to be quick.'
Copy, I've seen it, it's a fish.
I've seen it.
'We are done.'
SHE GRUNTS
STEPHEN: Two teams have found
all the tiles,
but who will be first back?
We're getting quite tense.
Come on!
Mum, come on. Mum, come on, rapid.
SHE YELLS
HEARTBEATS
Are we the first ones?
Yeah, we're the first ones.
We're the fucking first ones!
THEY CHEER
First win. Feels amazing.
Amazing. It feels so good.
Pretty buzzing
that we've won the challenge
cos we know we're safe.
It was exhilarating.
We were ten seconds behind.
Disappointed, of course.
Yeah. We were so close
to getting that one.
We are last.
We're last. We're last.
'So you just need to come back.'
We're last.
Fucking hell!
STEPHEN: Well done. That was tense.
Some of it was less walkie-talkie,
more runny-shouty, wasn't it?
Stressful. Especially well done
to the four of you -
Jo-Anne, Will, Tommy and Scott.
Both pairs are going to be rewarded.
One pair is going to get
that coveted final swap tonight.
The other pair is going to decide
the entire rest
of the swapping order.
That's for you four
to decide between yourselves.
Don't tell us until the Nightcap.
It's time to go back
to The Fortune Hotel.
And tonight, the Fortune Holders
will be checking their bank balance
and the Unfortunates
will be checking out.
See you later.
THUNDER BOOMS
WILL: Suppose we need to get
to business now, then?
Yeah, me and Tommy said
the last thing we wanna do
is pick people.
You're last pick, then, boys.
Thank you.
We've now got to pick the order
of the swap-ins,
which is working
in our favour, really,
because we can manipulate
the game tonight.
Hopefully, they put us in
decent positions, don't they? Yeah.
I don't think they will.
And I only say that
because, out of fairness,
we technically are the team
that came last.
TOMMY: Number one, number one!
Yeah!
We don't even have to do nothing
and we're here tomorrow.
All that matters
is getting rid of this.
We'll definitely get rid of that,
won't we? Yeah.
If we play it right,
we can get rid of that
and get the money back
and have ten grand tonight.
Obviously, it's not
an easy decision to make
because we've got relationships
with pretty much everyone
in there now.
Michael and Adam, we want them
to give their money case
to Jae and Cherish
so we can take Jae and Cherish out,
and they want to get
Jae and Cherish out, too.
I'll give him a little nod
in the Lady Luck Bar to do it.
Just leave it to me tonight.
I know what I'm doing.
# Save tonight
# And fight the break of dawn
# Come tomorrow... #
ADAM: At the moment,
we know where the money is
and we know where
the Early Checkout Card is,
but anything can change.
# Fight the break of dawn... #
JEN: You need to wait
to see your opponent's move
before you make your move.
SUSAN: Do we take the risk
and do a swap?
SAMM: Someone else gets to choose
the order of the ranking.
AYSHA: All we can do
is have our fingers crossed.
CHERISH: We're both vulnerable
and at risk
of receiving the Early Checkout Card
from Will and Jo tonight.
JAE: We're going to be
easily targeted.
Guests of The Fortune Hotel,
good evening.
Welcome to the Nightcap.
Delighted to see
you all made it here tonight
without someone shouting directions
in your ear.
So, as we discussed at the end
of the Day Trip Challenge,
the winning team
get to choose one pair.
Well, they'll be the last people
to decide whether to swap or stick,
and the other pair
are going to decide the entire rest
of the swapping order.
Tommy and Scott, Jo-Anne and Will,
what have you decided?
They're gonna be taking
the last pick tonight,
and we've decided the order.
Which means a lot of power
in your hands.
We've just done it
the fairest way we could.
It's nothing with any malice.
Jo-Anne and Will,
if you could tell us
who's gonna be making that first
compulsory swap this evening
and why you've chosen them.
The reason we've chose this couple
is because these are the only couple
that have mentioned
feeling homesick.
So for that reason,
the last pick is Cherish and Jae.
CHERISH:
'That's gameplay right there.'
It's not a shock.
It's not shocking.
I knew that was gonna happen.
Cherish and Jae, you're first up,
you have to swap.
Who are you gonna swap with?
We kind of expected that.
We're gonna swap with a couple
because they have kept their case
most of the time.
We'd be safe, too.
That's Susan and Jen.
Are you looking for the money?
CHERISH AND JAE: No.
Playing a long game, Stephen.
OK, thank you. Please swap.
WHISPERS: Thank you.
OK, Jo-Anne and Will, who's next?
The reason we've picked
the next couple,
we can't look past the fact
that you have come last
in the last two challenges,
and it'd be unfair on everyone else
if I wasn't to pick
Adam and Michael to go next.
Take it on the chin,
we didn't do very well today,
so it's fair enough.
Me and Adam are giving regular looks
to each other across the bar,
just giving each other a nod
of reassurance and a bit of a wink.
'Just basically saying to each other
"it's gonna be all right".'
It's a good move
from Will and Jo-Anne,
because we haven't done well
in the last two challenges,
and putting it across like that
is a very believable story
to everyone, isn't it?
OK. Michael and Adam,
what would you like to do?
I think we was always gonna swap.
We're following a particular case.
The reason we are is because
we want to trust this pair,
and we need to know what's inside
the case to fully trust them.
We need to get this money
back into the pot,
so it gives Will and Jo
the opportunity to take it back,
doesn't it?
Right, we'll swap
with Cherish and Jae, please.
Cherish and Jae, you're the centre
of a bit of action this evening.
How do you feel about this swap?
We'll have to wait and see.
We feel a little bit vulnerable
and a little bit set up.
'Why are you passing
the briefcase to us?'
Our original plan
is to send Cherish and Jae home.
That's why Michael and Adam
are swapping with Cherish and Jae,
because they're happy for Cherish
and Jae to be going home as well.
Right, Jo-Anne and Will, who's next?
The next swap is Susan and Jen.
So, Susan and Jen,
you currently have the case
that originally belonged
to Cherish and Jae.
What are you gonna do
with that case?
We want to fully trust
this other pairing.
Therefore, we are going to swap back
with Cherish and Jae.
Obviously, we know that
that's Mike and Adam's case.
So you're trusting Michael and Adam?
Yeah.
Holy shit, what's happening?
We are going to swap back
with Cherish and Jae.
Jae and Cherish swapped with you?
JEN AND SUSAN: Yeah.
So your case ended up there.
Yeah.
Michael and Adam swapped
with Jae and Cherish,
so your original case
is now over there.
Yeah.
The case that's there is Michael
and Adam's, and you want it?
We need to take a risk
at some point. OK.
Susan and Jen are swapping
with Cherish and Jae.
ADAM: 'That is a shock
and an absolute curveball.'
The pairs in the room
are surely cottoning on
that there's got to be something
in there...
Something in there.
..for this to keep moving like that.
This is a fascinating evening.
The ultimate goal is to be
the Fortune Holder at this point,
at least for one night,
and to be able to withdraw
some money from that case.
WILL: Aysha, Samm, you're next.
So, Aysha and Samm,
every single couple
has swapped cases this evening.
What are you gonna do?
So many swaps.
Things seem quite jumbled up,
and... we have no choice but
to stay safe at this point again.
You do have a choice.
We'll stick.
OK.
With Tommy and Scott
making the last swap,
that leaves Jo-Anne and Will -
it must be your swap next.
WILL: 'What do we do now?'
Our original plan
is to send Cherish and Jae home.
JO-ANNE: 'This is our opportunity
to get ten grand.'
'Oh, God, I don't know,
it just fries my bloody brain.'
I've got no reason
to not trust any couple in here,
but there's one couple
that I trust 110%...
..and it's Adam and Michael.
We've been following their case
around the room,
and it's ended up
in the hands of Jen and Sue.
I know Adam and Michael's case
is empty,
so I'm gonna swap with Jen and Sue.
So you're swapping
to get an empty case.
Saves the risk.
Why not stick with what you've got?
I think if we stick,
we then look suspicious.
Do you think Samm and Aysha
look suspicious?
I do, and I think a lot
of the group think they do.
You've got to understand,
when you stick four times,
it does start to look
a little bit fishy.
So, yeah, we're gonna swap
with Jen and Sue.
Well, Aysha and Samm,
if you do have the money,
you've been making quite a packet
over the last few nights.
I'm surprised they've done that,
because they've taken
a little bit of a risk.
But fair play.
Jo-Anne and Will,
you're swapping with Susan and Jen.
JAE: 'If they really wanted to get
us out, they could have tonight.'
I'm really, really, really confused.
Like, my head is frazzled.
So, Tommy and Scott,
you have that final decision.
It's been quite
an interesting evening,
four swaps and one stick,
and one case in particular
seems to have been attracting
a lot of attention.
So, that case is currently
with Jo-Anne and Will.
You do have the final decision
tonight.
You can swap or you can stick.
What would you like to do?
Surely, surely, Tommy and Scott
have cottoned on to this,
and they're gonna take the case,
surely.
Yeah.
We would like to swap with...
..erm...
Samm and Aysha, please.
You wanna swap with Samm and Aysha?
Er, yeah, that one.
It was making me dizzy
at this stage with the amount
it was moving around.
Oh, my goodness, how have they...
how have they missed that?
I just really...
I can't get my head round it.
You weren't tempted
by the pair-hopping case down here?
Yeah.
It's tempting, but we're just trying
to kind of narrow down
so we know exactly where it is.
They're absolute doughnuts and
didn't take the case back off us.
Somebody has
that Early Checkout Card.
And somebody
is gonna be going home tonight.
OK. Please swap, thank you.
It's not personal, mate, sorry.
Right, it's time
to learn your fortunes.
For those of you with new cases,
please come up one by one
to take a look.
Keep an eye out for reactions.
You never know what you might learn.
Right, there we have it.
Obviously, one pair
will be leaving us this evening.
It's time to find out who.
Could the unfortunate pair
please reveal themselves?
Susan and Jen.
So sorry to see you go.
It's the game.
'It's been a hell
of a roller-coaster ride.'
Yeah, we took a risk.
It... It didn't work out.
Please leave your case
and say your goodbyes.
APPLAUSE
# This is the world we live in
# These are the hands we're given
# Use them and let's start trying
# To make it
A place worth living in... #
That almost concludes
our business for this evening.
As usual, this Early Checkout Card
will be delivered
to one of your rooms,
courtesy of the Fortune Holders.
Not only have they made £10,000,
they're also in control of the money
at a very interesting time
in the game.
Well done to you all
for still being here.
Thank you, good night.
JEN CHUCKLES
Aw!
Oh, my God, this is brutal!
It doesn't get any easier.
It just gets harder and harder
and harder every time.
The absolute whirlwind
of an adventure that we've just had.
And I'm so glad it was with you.
Me, too.
I wouldn't have done this
with anybody else.
We gave it a good go. Yeah.
Yeah, we have.
We gave it a good go.
Last orders have been called
at the bar, Susan,
so it's time for drink up and leave.
Yeah.
Oh, what's that? You were players!
JO-ANNE LAUGHS
If we go out tomorrow,
we're going home ten grand richer.
So, we've got this to give away.
Adam and Mike are no-go.
JO-ANNE: Tommy and Scott,
they're very consistent,
aren't they, with what they do?
And two to watch.
Yeah, definitely.
I don't think it will come to us.
I think everyone knows
that's a big risk.
Aysha and Samm, I think
they've been coasting through,
and they've been playing
very, very safe.
They haven't really played
the game yet.
Will and Jo are the centre
of this conspiracy.
Do we wanna be against them
in the final? Not really.
Yeah, it's gonna be
a tough choice, innit?
Now it's five last couples,
we squash that alliance.
I feel like it's gonna be a battle
of the alliances
between Cherish and Jae's alliance
with Tommy and Scott
and our alliance
with Michael and Adam.
If that Early Checkout Card
comes through our door this evening,
it's war.
Subtitles by accessibility@itv.com